Chapter Four 
The Guy with them Peng Keys

BOOM, the noise came again. Dudley woke up "whats with that noise, fam."
There was a crash and uncle Vernon yeeted into the room with a big ass gun.
"yo, you come in here and ill shank you up man" he exclaimed loudly . 
There was a slight moment when uncle Vernon thaught this may of worked and then- 
SMASH!
The door fell straight (unlike many in this book) inwards landed on the floor. One fat-ass he/him was standing in the doorway.
His face was hidden by hair but his eyes stood out. The man bent down to lift up the door and put it back where it belonged.
"Dammmnnn" said Dudley
"yo fatty, some tea please, its been one hell of a journey" dudley ran over to hide behind Aunt Pertunia. Mammas boy.
"Hazza mate, you look like your old man but you have your mothers eyes"  
Uncle Vernon squeeked a bit.
"You need to leave man before you be leekin' dem secrets we aint told harry bout" says Uncle Verny.
"Your mouth is moving a lot like a rat, shut it please" says the man back. he reached towards Vernon snached the gun and twisted it up like a balloon animal.
"Back to you Haz, happs, would have put it on my snapchat story but the wifi here is terrible, like how are you ever surviving"
He handed harry a choccy cake with 'happs' written in smudged green icing.
Harry looked up and said "bro, how do u ever know my name, have you been stalking my insta?"
The gient chuckeled to himself "i aint got no instagram but ya know i'm Rubeus Haigrid, my friends call me hairy Hagrid for short. and i live at hogwarts and own some keys, they probably like open a door or something"
"yo, u high? i ain't never heard of no Hogwarts" 
Hagrid looked orried. " you hit ur head harry?Hogwarts! where your parents learnt magic"
"Magic?" harry asked "mate you are high as a kite" 
"He doesnt no nothing?" asked Hairy Hagrid 
"Yo" siad Harry "Absolutely not, i know flippin loads of stuff. My times tables for instance. i cannot believe you legit thought i was dumb"
"Na mate idc what you know about muggles but that aint what im talking bout" 
"WTF" said Harry 
"Your a wizard Harry" said Hagrid earnesly
"Na your pulling my leg you cant expect me to believe you when you burt in here like a madman spitting bs" Said Harry
"you go girl" said vernon to the side " this man is pissed out of his mind, he aint speaking no truths"
"Damn right" says Pirtunia next to him
"Yo, yo, yo im in a dream man, aunt and uncle backing be up somethings not right."
"YOUR A WIZARD DUMBASS" shouted Hagrid then pointed an umbrella at Dursley and-
Pew pew pew ✨pig tail ✨
